#etSLXRDd-@example.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
cS9dlLyIb1@wesuck.gov:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
WlEC9#U37j@wesuck.gov:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
jW_s!698hQ@gmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
CYo-4xFf!d@wtf.co:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
wf_9YWq5kG@example.com:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
Mp!E___qrs@wtf.co:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
k7dDsj#LmS@wesuck.gov:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
LHrx272!sJ@hotmail.com:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
SFxuJfdOUI@youtoo.org:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
0OzzHBnw4L@hotmail.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
NyKEEWabGf@example.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
O3MNiF4ia_@example.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
lzH52zl90J@wesuck.gov:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
V9CjNAA_iv@wtf.co:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
pY#XtOqEvL@hotmail.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
h4XodwoleE@gmail.com:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
VgEJxduBBM@youtoo.org:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
1mcf57ImoL@hotmail.com:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
7-skeGXQYx@gmail.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
92!Paoxw-O@wesuck.gov:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
noITA7ioEd@example.com:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
HgueRkmtzo@wtf.co:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
wlivcZgkFA@wesuck.gov:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
fJDMM6HYeh@example.com:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
WV#lBofjaM@gmail.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
9PRmOR2fC5@example.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
JOtSYfLw6E@wtf.co:When in doubt, don't.
jGBbA!GJ6K@youtoo.org:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
w5fu7QbR!6@wesuck.gov:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
t3eD9GNI1q@gmail.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
DmzjuFwUHZ@hotmail.com:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
MgsZ!bnVTj@wesuck.gov:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
CU5o2m5mEe@wtf.co:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
LLG6u4Za8C@hotmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
T84VzvV2o7@youtoo.org:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
NEtoizVSVA@wesuck.gov:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
nKwYLfjW#r@wesuck.gov:Wisdom begins in wonder.
tznTrk1I3N@example.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
zv4mzbTtue@hotmail.com:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
G!-gTVgcN!@wesuck.gov:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
43!Q!5u5#v@youtoo.org:When in doubt, don't.
2krDUrp9_q@wesuck.gov:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
gGQsB7IBuE@youtoo.org:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
PS!hdmug!A@youtoo.org:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
WUnzWGyqIN@example.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
xKk03!N!b-@youtoo.org:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
1fqj8TxfkY@wtf.co:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
VX236-jLRI@example.com:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
T5e0Ix6lNs@youtoo.org:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
VVST_I_gJE@youtoo.org:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
GgVKZX1cMy@gmail.com:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
k87kSNds1l@gmail.com:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
tHbl5VtG#6@gmail.com:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
oo!BWBrl8o@hotmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
JUy-n4Ubcr@youtoo.org:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
7bHPDeuRUP@gmail.com:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Izup6w03Wc@gmail.com:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
E50f9o8w0l@hotmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
!nbVdmiLWI@example.com:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
jmSzBjKSFO@gmail.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
-!QA2XqLPf@wtf.co:Wisdom begins in wonder.
jbEks4crCj@wesuck.gov:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
QBLM9mgT35@gmail.com:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
6I2TgJj2#s@youtoo.org:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
w_9Gb8uUFD@gmail.com:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
I1j#OLREsU@wesuck.gov:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
gU8Bf1Ou-y@hotmail.com:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
1dLEpD7AFv@wesuck.gov:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
!LvIxv0b6#@youtoo.org:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
iQNOxZccTW@wesuck.gov:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
EnUA9kqqch@wesuck.gov:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
6p8DPx15FC@example.com:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
dCOaZh9hBu@youtoo.org:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
#7hPeDCDsI@hotmail.com:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
QpuRafT18L@youtoo.org:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
RitaZYeCTB@example.com:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
K3i!YHI3-G@hotmail.com:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
rc6kGbuTeu@youtoo.org:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
dh3X5-m1cF@example.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
LWMIxyNML1@wesuck.gov:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
p-pYhym0F_@example.com:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
JIwrLgh2sN@hotmail.com:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
bg1GyIHm-O@youtoo.org:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
GSaIBsRppP@youtoo.org:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
nB03_x1Q3N@gmail.com:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
_WLrm_3rvT@wesuck.gov:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
V!HoH-x0qv@youtoo.org:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
0#LnwsSX2-@gmail.com:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
XZI2j#-5Mf@youtoo.org:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
k8zN3jlOPM@hotmail.com:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
rXMysyphc#@youtoo.org:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
yFJIPjQ-E7@example.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
S7z!RFcugh@youtoo.org:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
2i595yrXHy@wtf.co:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
uwfsIovN9C@youtoo.org:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
2IV4nD4NY3@youtoo.org:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
LZecusxL6E@example.com:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
aV5PmjqVN#@youtoo.org:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
xCnM9_mIML@example.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
J6NN7RRQvm@example.com:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
bsZN10Tj2b@wesuck.gov:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
lTm5H29HT1@hotmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
C!uivqjVWi@wtf.co:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
kGYDelP3#0@wesuck.gov:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
BJo8GV5VGI@example.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
mp55HmIbp5@example.com:When in doubt, don't.
XP5pqOBW_r@example.com:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
n01X30A4tI@example.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
W5cN-ogaEH@example.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
#w0zI0D-sM@wtf.co:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
xdaa_GBfBo@wtf.co:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
573AgDgxCl@youtoo.org:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
UCIHZii8E#@wesuck.gov:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
El1re3hz3V@gmail.com:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
TonvzNNRf7@wesuck.gov:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
LjEavZ5wuj@example.com:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
kHn6ru3pkt@wesuck.gov:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
EzVHiDRru8@wesuck.gov:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
#Du7S7rEG0@youtoo.org:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
PC-z6CBPXC@gmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
dGFC3nI33o@youtoo.org:True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
NpC8mE3y1-@wtf.co:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
CesVpRr_NX@hotmail.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
lyTnIgY1xw@example.com:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
jveu8NEdli@gmail.com:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
44jDJJJP!A@wesuck.gov:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
m1k3ymcl34n@gmail.com:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
41vx4tqj5-@youtoo.org:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
8QF5FqaVob@hotmail.com:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
xkrzkmXTzm@wesuck.gov:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
NPo!Mcx!9t@hotmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
YplTTx8nEx@wtf.co:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
m#i7LKvfEk@wtf.co:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
qunESpfGvm@youtoo.org:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
XWcpMsjVdM@youtoo.org:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
i8csiHrAdM@youtoo.org:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
W1i6D8t7vf@example.com:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
m8RN2JBdyf@wtf.co:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
6GL40ynG8O@wesuck.gov:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
jIOfhjrXP4@wtf.co:Wisdom begins in wonder.
0eUaXvdaV2@gmail.com:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
kmwOua2Aqm@wesuck.gov:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
F9xNPISgI3@hotmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
gQ0xretzOY@youtoo.org:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
853qihhsbY@hotmail.com:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
r3VvJ3Rl1g@youtoo.org:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
#-KtbHQwvU@gmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
a720pgdTcV@hotmail.com:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
A#UJL1P8CH@gmail.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
UJprTc3pgs@wesuck.gov:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
i1rXGx3wTZ@wtf.co:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
4O-tuW15cA@wesuck.gov:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
spsp!JAtSw@youtoo.org:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
EdZMqqTx_k@wtf.co:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
PVIyLvL#nw@wtf.co:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
LvMsF6Qp7E@example.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
EH4QmKv-xb@gmail.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
q9FftFv1Mo@hotmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
r6ciDhGtAL@gmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
07iOHQsA5G@example.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
pTB0UWJR98@example.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
W2NGv2ncxx@wtf.co:True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
kDYbY-pLrP@youtoo.org:Wisdom begins in wonder.
w16G3KSkyz@youtoo.org:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
kF2aZGB#Eo@wtf.co:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
M-#UuUo0fn@wesuck.gov:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
F1pCpMFo2j@wtf.co:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
3aaEiRvagQ@youtoo.org:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
yveK#UcuU5@hotmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
xoakzYi2O#@wesuck.gov:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
S66isK#dAP@wtf.co:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
1MNa-deDK8@wesuck.gov:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
8c4Oh_T1K#@gmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
Zh55139ESB@wtf.co:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
C7f8f-hnFT@youtoo.org:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
nt8DXxVTp6@hotmail.com:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
OFYVbViY1g@gmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
6Hh2UaulgQ@hotmail.com:When in doubt, don't.
f0RHMw_AMX@example.com:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
IcA4r31uDh@gmail.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
YSphQKVscb@wtf.co:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
14P-5nX_E-@example.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
5EO!5#ppV3@wtf.co:Wisdom begins in wonder.
ZNi7ClgmNr@wtf.co:We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
lX0kNXzOj1@wesuck.gov:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
tVJ-cOGBUC@example.com:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
jRtlPNmm2i@example.com:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
OLT5JJxTO5@wtf.co:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
y-SdwoDjiz@gmail.com:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
S5eSicgRHv@gmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
bwExbMjcki@wtf.co:When in doubt, don't.
507bw!Xp-Z@wtf.co:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
cvEvR9h1fK@wtf.co:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
tYsk5E#rNN@example.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
MWVvc2DDtm@hotmail.com:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
Ifwth5LBkX@wesuck.gov:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
GtiruaXE3_@wtf.co:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
Yjsv4xbnrm@wtf.co:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
6hWuHV-7TQ@hotmail.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
pYDyQ#tjwC@gmail.com:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Dr4T5OKMf-@wtf.co:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
EmzELurJ2P@hotmail.com:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
cirvy77yyF@example.com:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
1jk58qwRlr@wtf.co:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
h!m_64cr9i@wesuck.gov:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
lAJXWRGYWX@hotmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
Z9ypKdJOqD@hotmail.com:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
9XihkvjwfY@gmail.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
RhssPrcgje@youtoo.org:Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
b23FTZzb52@example.com:When in doubt, don't.
l!afjvFR4V@wesuck.gov:The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
!EQNXUEqnT@gmail.com:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
#pUZ4as41k@example.com:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
qV280#7M1q@wtf.co:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
yIWEea7dFj@wtf.co:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
MEYDzmbo4F@example.com:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
ya0ENWp9P_@wtf.co:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
-0BlXs2RSW@hotmail.com:Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
gzTbjd224C@wtf.co:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
TIjLs2sAGN@hotmail.com:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
#_Dgpu8CVH@hotmail.com:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
bMzT_SX#PW@youtoo.org:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
YSH11ttfxu@youtoo.org:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
QauvBsEpEl@youtoo.org:Climb the mountains and get their good tidings.
sKqF1iq5YG@wtf.co:O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
28l!6roiiE@hotmail.com:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
TikAoBt3tD@gmail.com:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
HDhjUjX7iP@wesuck.gov:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
WR0Iyz#qA1@hotmail.com:In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
XsqEH4qHKn@example.com:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
RwzOqKOFeq@wesuck.gov:The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
2qcSQBPywQ@example.com:Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
tBZsVsmXFu@youtoo.org:When in doubt, don't.
kKfeZ2_xk2@example.com:Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents.
j7N6ScnNNJ@gmail.com:True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
lySjD_sM_-@wtf.co:You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
1dklFjyqMa@example.com:If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
7HafGFNDWg@wesuck.gov:Wisdom begins in wonder.
!WHbNkt!lE@youtoo.org:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
V2AeV1CqAV@wtf.co:If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
7MUupz3MhS@hotmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
lE#3YnDei8@gmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
VN5gfSDMRQ@gmail.com:The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
NtdpNm2Shc@wtf.co:In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
XDACZe_UND@wtf.co:When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
p4VE1Cw9qX@gmail.com:The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
93QEQJy1SC@youtoo.org:Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
OqdGL39Lw6@hotmail.com:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
whFNrmh#BX@gmail.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
qMc!jMEos2@youtoo.org:There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
aPcypssCbq@example.com:The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
rR3a!E9bjt@hotmail.com:For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
6-CwUef5ZG@hotmail.com:When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
4Cc!GEYJ3J@wtf.co:True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
YxI4dKTqQx@gmail.com:True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
